♪♪
[Wind gusting]
Teddy: So you saved his life
because you thought
he was going
to give you a fresh start.
A place to feel safe.
A place to call home.
♪♪
A family.
Did he?
Dakota: No.
He found a place.
♪♪
Built a town.
Filled it
with people.
♪♪
But my sis--
Um...
my -- my mom,
she -- she did
the same thing, too.
10 times over,
and...
I still never felt comfortable
in my own skin
in any
of her places.
You want to
know why?
Both of them wanted
something from you
that couldn't
give them.
For you to be somebody
you're not.
I heard you
with Alicia.
You want what
all of us want --
someone to love you
just the way you are.
And you --
you really think
I can find that person
in your new world?
[Laughs]
You already have.
♪♪
You?Yes.
But Alicia...
you -- you put her
in the bunker.
I-I thought you saw
something special in her.
Well, you're right.
I did.
I love what
Alicia will become,
but that's something that
you and I will never be,
and there's nothing
to feel sorry about there.
You know?
You are so much
like me, Sioux.
We are two very
logical conclusions
in a world that's built
on a foundation of -- of --
of violence and lies
and self-interest.
That's why we understand
each other.
I think you'll agree with me
when I say
that conclusions do not
belong anywhere in a world
where things are just
about to get started.
So...
what's gonna
happen to us?
We are going to die up here
with everyone else.
Yeah, I know that's
a lot to take in.
Ask yourself this question
when you're trying to figure out
if you still want to be a part
of what we're doing here --
do you want to pretend
to be somebody else,
just to have a chance
to keep on breathing,
or do you
want to stay --
oh,
just the way you are
for whatever time
we have left?
[Beeping]
[Hatch door opens]
I want to be
who I am.
Oh.
Good girl.
[Electricity hums]
We're in the right
place for that.
That's just what's left
in the emergency batteries.
We need to get the diesels
running for everything else.
How do you know
about all this stuff?
I was the weapons officer
on this boat.
When I found Riley,
he was a broken man.
Weren't you, son?
Uh-huh.
Broken, because
he found himself like you.
He found himself
without a family --
a family
to call his own.
[Chuckles]
Do you have them?
Yeah.
[Chuckles]
What's so funny?
I -- Virginia.
She -- She had a thing
about keys, too.
Said they were gonna
unlock the future.
[Hatch door opens]
Don't think this is
what she had in mind.
Does he know?
D-Does everyone know
that they're gonna die?
Yeah.
Everyone here is aware.
How'd you get them
to follow you
knowing that
they're gonna die?
Oh.
It's easy to get people
to follow you.
You just have to offer
them something
they really want
to believe in.
[Wind gusting]
It's just that not a lot of
people wantto die.
♪♪
Getting them to do that,
that...
that takes
something else.
♪♪
[Chuckles]
Something very few
people have.
♪♪
What?
What does it take?
Well -- Well, it's really not
that complicated.
♪♪
You just have to be willing
to, uh, die with them.
♪♪
[Brakes hiss]
So, you ready
to do this?
I'm guessing that's
a rhetorical question.
Huh.
♪♪
Let's go.
[Hatch door opens]
♪♪
[Flare strikes]
[Flare thuds]
It's a lot further down
than I thought.
♪♪
If it gets above
10,000 milliREM,
you need to worry.
[Birds squawking]
I should be the one
going down first.
No.
I got this.
[Gun cocks]
Got you covered.
He's going in.
Where the hell are
the schematics?
Did Rachel find
that naval base yet?
Luciana: Only a few miles out.
Heads up.
There are
several SUVs out here.
Looks like they beat us.
Tread lightly.
I'm worried about
them out there.
Well, if they fire the missile,
being near this sub
is probably
the safest place to be.
Anywhere else,
we're just sitting ducks.
So, we ready?
We'll light up anything
that moves, dead or alive.Yeah.
♪♪
Grace:
What's it reading?
♪♪
10 milliREM.
What's it reading now?
Just checking.
♪♪
It is still holding
at 10.
You sure?
I am.
So the reading hasn't
changed at all?
I thought you said
10 was good --
[Walker growls]Aah!
[Growling]
♪♪
Shoot it!
Can't see!
[Grunting]
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
Thank you.
The crew -- they must've
all died down here.
What's it at now?
It is still holding
at 10.
I'm going in.
Cover me?
Anything, Luci?
Luciana: Stand by.
Sarah, Jacob, and Charlie
just landed.
Charlie:
We just got back from the base.
Rachel and them
are staying there.
The roof caved, but...
Sarah: Long story short,
a lot of these Navy books
are a bit soggy.
Looking through them now
for maps.
[Geiger counter clicking]
♪♪
You okay?
Yeah. Fine.
You know I'm the best person
to assess
what's going on
in here.
Even if the reactor
compartment's still intact,
these readings
should be twice this.
I know what
you're trying to do.
Same thing as you are.
Yeah.
You want to
make them pay.
Something wrong
with that?
No.
It's just --
we haven't really
talked about what hap--
Now's not the time.
It's safe!
June: Let's do it.
Grace,
I haven't pushed it
'cause I understand
the pain,
but if we don't talk now,
we might not get another chance.
Why not?
What needs to be done here
to stop them...
I might not make it
off the boat.
We.
Wemight not
make it off.
I'm coming with you.No, you got to
stay alive.
Listen, hard as
this is to hear,
you are here
for a reason.
You gotta be.
And I think...
it might just be so that you
can build that future
that Athena
showed you.
What about you?
Shouldn't you be
building it, too?
First,
we gotta make sure
there's a world
left behind to rebuild.
Everyone alright?
Yeah.
Morgan,
let me take a look.No, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm gonna take
more readings.
Just give her some time.
Yeah.
Where are all these
cult assholes?
Well, they came
in a goddamn caravan.
Not sure
if it's the assholes
you have to worry about
right now.
How many crew
were on this boat?
You mean how many dead
stand between us
and where
we're going?
Honey?
Luci, you got any idea
how many crew members
there were
on this boat?
[Static crackles]
Grace: Too much
interference.
It's gonna get worse
the deeper you get.
Here.
I'll walkie Luci.
Let's go.
♪♪
Luci?
Luciana: Mostly, I th--
Luci,
can you hear me?
150.
[Static]
♪♪
Luci,
can you hear me?
Go ahead.
We need to know
the crew complement.
[Geiger counter clicking]
[Walkers growling in distance]
150.
I repeat -- 150.
Did you hear that?
Did she just say 150?
I wish she hadn't.
[Growling continues]
Any idea what's
beyond that hatch?
♪♪
Can we see what's
in the next room?
Jacob:
The missile compartment --
a long hallway with silos.
That's the clearest path
to the weapons room.
That's where they'll be
if they're trying
to launch something.
Is that
the only way?
Luciana:
It looks like it.
Not sure I packed
enough ammo for this.
Maybe we should hold
our fire down here.
He's right.
Alicia may be on board.
And if she's not,
we need whoever's alive
to find out
where she is.
When I get in there,
kill anything that slips by me.
You're not going
in there alone.
Well, nobody else
needs to get hurt.
Well, neither do you.
Is this about that note
you were reading?
What are you
talking about?
You dropped it
when you fell.
This...
This is not
for you to read.
Hey, just because Dakota
saved your life
doesn't mean you need
to give it up here.
That's not what
this is about.
Then what's it about,
Morgan?
[Growling continues]
I was halfway to being
one of those things.
I know how to
get past them.
Maybe so, but we're gonna be
right there behind you.
Oh, come on.
I know we've had
our differences,
but Alicia called on me
to take care of this,
and that's what
I'm gonna do.
You fellas done
with the chit-chat?
I'm coming, too.
I gave up my family
to put this guy away.
I'm not about to
let him succeed now.
♪♪
We're all coming in,
Morgan.
No use in arguing.
♪♪
Then let's
open it up.
[Growling continues]
[Hatch door opens]
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Geiger counter clicking]
We're clear.
What is there,
a dozen missiles?
Enough to take out
a continent, at least.
[Hatch door closes]
You locking us in?
We don't want any surprises,
in case any of his followers
get past our folks outside.
Is there any way we can
dismantle these from here?
Not sure if meddling
with wires we don't understand
is such a good idea.
He's right.
[Geiger counter clicking]Levels are rising.
You really think some psychopath
who spent 40 years behind bars
knows how to
work this shit?
Or if these missiles
will even fly, D.
No one's launching anything
as long as the power's out.
Don't underestimate Teddy.
He always was
a resourceful fella.
Wait. Listen.
[Walkers growling in distance]
It's a full boat.Yeah.
Grace: I repeat --
can you hear me?
Grace?
I think this is
the emergency comm.
Doesn't need power.
Right.
We're in the silo hall.
Which way gets us
to the weapons room?
Stand by.
I'll ask Luci to
take a look.
Luci, do you copy?
Teddy: You sure got
here fast.
Who is this?
Oh, come on.
You know damn well
who this is.
Teddy?
Bingo.
Is that you, Morgan?
It is.
Let me.
Do you recognize
this voice, Teddy?
[Chuckles]
No, I'm afraid I don't.
I'll give you a hint.
Last time
you heard it,
you were in
a Denton County courthouse,
listening to my testimony
against you.
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
Officer Dorie.
Is that really you?
Sorry I never
paid you a visit.
Never really had the stomach
for death row.
Yeah, you couldn't
kill me then,
and you sure as shit
aren't gonna do it now.
Oh,
I beg to differ.
I got a bullet I plan to put in
your head before this day ends.
Well, I see today ending
quite differently, Officer.
I hope you know there
are no hard feelings.
If you hadn't
put me away,
I wouldn't be sitting
where I am right now.
Don't let him
get to you.
Alicia.
Where's the girl?
Afraid you're gonna
have to be
a little more specific
than that, Officer.
Alicia.
Oh, she's safer
than all of us.
What does that mean?
It means she's
tucked away
someplace where
you'll never find her.
Tell us where
the missiles will hit.
You didn't think you'd be safe
up here by the boat, did ya?
Are you gonna kill
your own people?
I'm giving them
a second chance, Morgan.
Grace,
walkie Luci.
Tell her to get everybody
as far away from
the sub as possible.
Luci, do you copy?!
Oh, you brought
your people with you?
Well, you see there,
Mr. Jones,
we're like two peas
in a pod.
I am leading everyone
to their end,
and you are doing
the same thing,
except I'm not fooling myself
about what I'm doing.
We're almost there.
Uh, if you'll excuse me,
gentlemen, gotta run.
We're about to turn
the power on.
Grace. Grace?
I'm here.
Did you reach our people?
Can they get somewhere safe?
The naval base.
Charlie said there was
a basement there.
I'm not sure
that's enough.
Then we will not fail.
[Walkers growling]
[Banging]
Where's Morgan?
[Growling]
♪♪
The hell?
Morgan?
[Walkers growling in distance]
[Growls]
♪♪
Morgan?
I wonder what happened
in here.
I don't know.
♪♪
Oh, man.
[Growling]
♪♪
[Grunts]
[Axe clatters]
♪♪
[Growling]
Morgan!Let go!
This isn't on you.
[Growling continues]
Get in.
♪♪
[Hatch door locks]
[Breathing heavily]
I don't need you
to be here.
You're not supposed to be
doing this by yourself.
I told you I don't want
to let anybody else die.
No one has to die!
But they might, Victor!
They might!
Is this what you think
you have to do?
What does that mean?
Dakota's note.
She said you had things
left to do.
Is this what you think
she meant?
[Scoffs]
What I think is, is I've been
leading these people
from one dead end to another,
all the time promising
that it will lead to something
different, something better.
And I just want to be sure
this time.
She's a sociopath.
She wanted you
to kill her mother.
That's what she meant,
not this.
Well, that just may be,
but I still gotta make sure.
Ah.
Morgan...
People follow you
because they want to,
not because
you owe them something.
I don't know why you're
still here, Victor.
Alicia asked me
a difficult question
when we were
at the lodge.
She asked if I was doing
this for everyone
or if I was
doing it for me.
And?
I'm doing it
for everyone.
I need her
to know that.
Really?
Yeah.
Really.
♪♪
We better stop this man so you
can tell her that for yourself.
[Geiger counter clicking]
Morgan...
I know.
[Growling]
♪♪
No, no, no.
Don't touch it.
♪♪
[Geiger counter clicking]
Morgan: Shit.
She must have been
one of Teddy's.
[Clicking rapidly]
[Walkers growling in distance]
I think we know where
our friend came from.
Yeah, and why the readings
are so hot.
[Loud hum in distance]
What's that?
Sounds like a diesel
turning over.
This thing is about
to get power.
Grace, do you copy?
Grace: Morgan, I'm here.
So, we're past
the silo room,
but the next door,
it is off the charts.
What's the reading?
It is 40,000.
Outside the compartment?
Yes.
The only way you'd get
a reading like that
would be from
exposed radioactive material
insidethe compartment.
You'll have to
find another way.
Morgan.
Morgan?
Morgan, if you go in there,
it'll kill you.
When will it? What do you mean?
How long would I have?
Well, I don't know.
Days?
Okay, maybe that's
long enough. Morgan?
Morgan!
[Growling]
♪♪
[Thuds]
Stand back.
Hey.
What are you doing?
I'm going inside, I'm gonna
kill whatever's in there,
and just keep going,
because that's the only way.
No, w-wait.
It's not. It's not.
It's clear.
We kill them,
we climb that ladder.
We'll lose
too much time.
And we don't even know
what's up there.
You're not thinking
this through.
All I'm doing is thinking
You want to do what's best
for everyone.
Do what you told us
to do before.
What is that?Live.
[Growling]
♪♪
We got to be fast,
Strand.
♪♪
Strand?
[Thuds]
[Growling]
♪♪
Is it clear?
For now.
Let's go.
♪♪
[Growling]
I told you there was
another way.
[Electricity humming]
They must be getting
closer to launching.
♪♪
To the bunks.
Morgan:
This is a dead end.
♪♪
That's how he did it.
What?
This sailor --
he's one of Teddy's people.
What, you had
a run-in with him?
Yeah, he's the one who attacked
us when Grace was in labor.
♪♪
There's no way
out of here.
We'll find a way.We had one back there!
You know, whatever you had
to prove, you have proved it.
[Crashing]
[Growling]
This is why she asked
for you.
What?
Alicia.
She didn't send a message to me.
She meant it for you.
And now I know why.
Because you'll do things
that I won't.
[Grunting]
What are you doing?
♪♪
[Both grunting]
[Handle cracks]
You didn't want
any of us to die?
You're gonna
get your wish.
Aah!
♪♪
Victor!
[Gun cocks]
Drop the axe.
Slide it to me.
[Axe thuds]
You're with him.
Of course you are.
He gave me something
none of you could.Don't do this.
Don't make the same mistake
with me you made with John.
I don't think
it's a mistake.
And you're not gonna
change my mind --
especially after
what you just did.
I don't understand.
Hmm.
You don't.
But you need to.
So do your people.
Whoever's out there...
whoever can hear me,
I need you to listen.
I want you to hear why
you're not gonna stop this.
I saved Morgan so that he could
free me from my sister,
give me a fresh start.
June --
she did the first part.
Second part was
something else.
If I lived with you, I'd have to
be a-a whole different person.
I'd have to fall in to the ways
of what Morgan wants.
All of you did.
But it's never
gonna work!
Morgan's way.
Because what he's going for,
none of you even believe it.
That's not true.
Do you really want to be
the type of person
he wants you to be?
♪♪
No. You don't.
And that's why you killed him.
Right, Victor?
[Sobs]
It is because of people
like you
that the world
has to end!
Don't listen to her!
Right before I shot John,
he told me
it wasn't too late,
that the world still had
to have meaning.
He was right.
I am gonna make it
mean something.
Just not the way
he thought.
Dakota, don't do this.
He's going to kill everyone.
♪♪
He's not, actually.
Alicia?
She's still gonna be here,
because she is a beginning.
Me and you?
We're endings.
And when things
start again...
it won't be with assholes
like you.
♪♪
Aah!
[Grunts]
♪♪
Oh.
You said this
wasn't on me.
But I gave him
the key.
I did it to save Grace
and her baby.
I can't let that
be for nothing.
♪♪
Grace -- I'm here,
and I'm alright.
[Crying]
I'm here, Morgan.
This ends now.
♪♪
Morgan, I --I don't want to hear it.
We will deal
with what you did later.
You have already cost us
enough time.
♪♪
Here.
[Beeping]
Teddy: How we looking,
Riley?
Two minutes.
I stopped something
like this once.
They don't have
what it takes.
I'm glad you did.
Your family returned
to the earth,
and now, finally,
you can, too.
We'd be lost without you,
boy.
Sioux?
[Buzzing]
♪♪
Hurry.
So what makes you think
one of these is it?
[Buzzing]
Pulled them off the bodies
of dead officers.
Where you left me.
♪♪
So my instincts
were correct.[Buzzing]
If I hadn't left you there,
you wouldn't have these cards.
You would have
no way to get inside.Hey, you need to stop.
♪♪
On three.
Copy.
♪♪
[Beep]
[Buzzing]
♪♪
[Alarm beeping]
One...
You better pray
this last one works.
♪♪
...two...
...three.
[Beeping]
♪♪
The trigger!
Pull it!
Oh!
No!Hey!
[Rapid beeping]Stop!
[Gasps]
Stop them!
Stop! Them!
We can't!
I told you
it was inevitable.
Aah!
Hold it!June: Got it.
Hold on! Hold on!
Yeah, hold on.
Grace,
we have to go.
I can't leave him.
Morgan. Morgan!
♪♪
[Explosion]
[Engine whooshes]
♪♪
Shit on a stick.
That's a big stick.
♪♪
[Alarm beeping]
Don't.
It's alright, Riley.
It's alright.
We only got one off.
That's enough
to get us started.
We have begun.
How much time
do we have?
How much?!
Not enough.
♪♪
The missile --
where's it going?
Riley, would you like to
tell these gentlemen
what targets
you programmed?
There are 10 warheads
on that missile.
You'll see
where they land.
It's gonna be hard
to miss around here.
Where?
Anywhere.
Everywhere.
Maybe toward the water.
Maybe -- Oh.
Maybe toward that town
you built.
[Breathing shallowly]
I've been where you are,
Morgan.
Yeah.
A long time ago,
I was gonna change everything.
Now, a prison sentence
put an end to that.
What I didn't realize,
however, was that it --
it didn't really end
[chuckles] anything.
♪♪
[Whispering]
I know it's not what you wanted.
But don't look at this
as an ending.
The world is gonna be
a better place.
You just won't get
to see it yourself.
♪♪
Get outta here.
Go.
Come on.
Strand,
let him go.
♪♪
It could've been worse.
They could've fired more.
Could've launched none
if I'd gotten here sooner.
I did what I did
to save lives.
Don't you say you did this
for anybody but yourself.
You did it so you
could tell Alicia
what a big hero
you were here today.
[Chuckles]
Leave.
[Sighs]
♪♪